
# Network Exercises
(For these exercises, make sure to go to the python documentaiton to assist you in creating these scripts) 

1. Using the socke library create a script in which you set and get the default socket timeout.
 * Example output:
  ``` $ python script_timeout.py
      Default socket timeout: None
      Current socket timeout: 100.0
 ```

2. Python's socket library handles execption errors very well. Create a few try-except code blocks and put one potential error type in each block. In order to get a user input, the "argparse" module can be used. This module is more powerful than simply parsing command-line arguments using sys.argv. In the try-except blocks, put typical socket operations, for example, create a socket object, connect to a server, send data, and wait for a reply.

3. Create a script in modifying a socket's send/receive buffer sizes.
The default socket buffer size may not be suitable in many circumstances. In such circumstances, you can change the default socket buffer size to a more suitable value.
```
$ python script_buff_size.py
Buffer size [Before]: 16384
Buffer size [After]: 8192

```
4. Finding the IP address of a particular network interface may be needed from your Python network application. Find the IP address for a specific interface on your machine. 

5. There are many ways to enumerate interfaces on a machine.There are a couple of third-party libraries out there that can do this job in a few lines. However, it can also be done using a pure socket call. Create a pure socket script on it and also create a version of it using a library of your choice to compare. 

* Example Output:
```
$ python script_Net_interfaces.py
This maching has 2 network interfaces: ['lo','wlol'].

```

